hey everybody so I thought I'd just go
over the components to my flower pot
smoker first we'll start off with the
burner I took it out of a hot plate just
took the backing plate here there's the
element obviously and then bought from
ceramic insulators some kind of
electrical insulators off of ebay holes
are like satin right box which kind of
goes against the whole budget nature of
this project anyway so I salvaged be
insulated high temp wires from the from
the flower pot and I've hooked up some
mom insulated blade connectors you can
undestroyed into the a plug in here you
can probably put this right into the
wall but I wouldn't do that
so this plugs into the PID controller so
it would go right into that and the PID
controller and PID controller goes into
your outlet and so there's the face of
it I've got a prior video on this I'm
testing it um it works pretty good as
the brains and the brains of the
operation
a little heat sink back there is pretty
cool I built it I built this the hard
box it was pretty fun pretty fun process
and here's the thermocouple so right
there it's got some smoke deuce on it
it's pretty cool reads it reads a little
bit slower than then like a cooking
thermometer but which i think is
actually good so it doesn't go haywire
when
when things change a little bit better
for consistency I think so anyway
there's that here's the pot of god this
is a the handle is just a cabinet handle
that I drill holes in there and then
bolts on nuts and bolt there's the
there's a rubber washer and it's been
good so far it hasn't you know it's not
hot enough to burn to burn the rubber up
so I'm happy with that
okay oh there's the inside and smoker
I've got old chart up what I'm going to
get rid of there's this is the pie plate
that sits on on top of the burner what I
found was the to get up the temperature
that the PID controller will just go
full-bore on the on the burner until it
gets up to temperature about like 10
degrees so if you want to get it to like
200 degrees with a full bore I won't
even feather the the power go into the
burner until it hits like 190 or so
about 10 degrees lower and then it'll
start turning off and on until it gets
to about 200 so what happens is even
though even if I soak the wood and catch
it fire so what I do is I just cover
this with aluminum foil and then I leave
at opposite ends I leave an open spot in
the foil and it still it doesn't catch
fire I still get plenty of smoke that
way so that works pretty good I don't
like it when it catches fire here's the
great this is a Weber grill gate 16 inch
pot here and home depot if I had to do
it again the headache for a couple bucks
more to have a like a more decorative
Doric
lip and I would have gotten that because
the lip is a lot wider so the sorry so
the lid would fit right on there a lot
better it would seat better right now
it's just kind of there's still some a
little bit of gap there so if I had to
do it again that's what I would get and
I do want to get Nomex I know max gasket
but they make for they for the Big Green
Egg and put it on the top lid here and
then they they sell some 3m special 3m
spray adhesive for that so that's all my
list what I did was this great I just
got these go a hanger just took a hanger
apart looped it on there nice and nice
and ghetto there's the bottom of the pot
and I'm sitting on bricks and then the
the wires for the for the burner go
through there down to the bottom and
there we go I'm going to get the smoke
some pork but today it's like six
degrees out it's freezing so we'll see
how we do folks thanks for watching